[AGM-2125] Userstyles article in KB (#549)
AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase: docs/adguard-for-windows/features/extensions.md

Reviewer: When you do renamings like that you need to not forget to do the following:
1. Delete old `userscripts.md` from translactions directory (https://github.com/AdguardTeam/KnowledgeBase/tree/master/i18n)
2. Right **after** merging (when the "update translations" PR is re-created) delete the old file from Crowdin.

Reviewer 2: @Ars28Fox told @DashaBu that this file can't be deleted until we've updated all the translations

this is the procedure he suggested:
1. add an empty `userscripts.md` file
2. merge the pull request
3. check all strings in the Crowdin and change them if needed so that there are no links to that file
4. click Update translations
5. delete the empty file

fix us if we're wrong...

:::

> AdGuard can significantly broaden website functionality working as a [user script manager](/general/extensions.md). AdGuard Users can add their own scripts, as well as manage existing ones.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
AdGuard can significantly extend website functionality by working as a [userscript manager](/general/extensions.md). AdGuard users can add their own scripts as well as manage existing ones.
```
